hey guys it's me bubbles beauty and this
is kind of like a male video um I'm not
going to add that book that's why the
number would be eating wasn't there
today we're going to be talking about
nail biting and it's always the worst
habit we all have not we all but you
know most people have and it's a
struggle i go through life every day it
can be from stressed out to struggling
dramedy things to UM other things so
we're just gonna I'm going to teach kids
how to go nadz and this is going to be a
31-day process because i learned that a
habit King go on for 31 days and after
31 days it's actually you becomes a
habit so before those 31 days is not a
habit but on the 30 second date it is a
habit so you might want to stop it then
and there just to know that nail biting
is gross or a habit that it's gross have
it sometimes can be good and sometimes
have can be very bad but doing your helm
occurs are going to have it but biting
nails was a really bad habit and so you
want to kind of stop it um so there's
some kind of stuff that you put under
your tongue and every time you put
something in your mouth not in your
mouth I don't trust that I don't like
anything because it might make me feel
like you bite something in it Oh gag
because you're trying to eat something
and you know I just don't like the fact
that so what we use is OPI natural nails
pink dinner and we're going to go
through 31 days of treatment on my nails
and um every day i'm going to be posting
one in five minutes a day i'm sorry that
mean does just wasn't there i was not
able to contact your i will always try
in the morning before i go somewhere or
something i'll try to fill it in anytime
I can and OPI natural nail strengthener
is what I'm going to be using you can
use Sally's it comes in a blue bottle I
have theirs i have and why I and and why
I NY I just like OPI but and why they
just changed it up so I have that that's
what I'm going to be using today and um
so I already put it on my nails but I'm
just gonna do it one more time just for
you guys you don't have to you couldn't
just do it quick every day you're
supposed to put it on my dog just walked
in my room
how I should do that you just put it on
your needles okay anyways like I'm
saying general I'll feed you in a minute
you just put it on your nails on the
right side okay it's gonna OPI they
leave your nails sticky but I'm once it
dries it doesn't i matter so people say
like I'm like OPI because it's tricky
well it doesn't make any sense I'm to me
but I'm OPI that's what i'm using i'm
gonna go through 31 days a treatment
that's my bird Kiwi she's gonna hate
biting my nails now aren't you key emiti
sad yeah that is bad out of it okay um
yeah but where I I one all along washes
me off and we're just going to culture
31 days of treatment and hope this works
on I would like it if you went through
me with me too I'm just gonna give you
guys a good like good thing um this this
would have a bitter taste and well and
what would happen is it would have a
bitter taste to the person or people who
are abiding is at him to remind them
when the the hand goes like right in the
mouth and that oh yeah i'm not speaking
this is good my Maya's part becomes
recognizable so you actually can stop it
immediately once it happens you know
just to get it out of here guys mine you
really want treated nails go ahead you
know and treat them up you know we're
just going to go through 31 days of
treatment about 31 days and then I hope
you guys go with me on this and if you
do i would if you really want to get the
kind i have its OPI they don't have like
a name or it's just natural nail
strengthener it looks like that comes in
a white ball Sally's comes in a blue I
don't know what the difference would
make but whatever you can get
get your hands on I'm if you find a
different kind tell me okay so we're
just going to stop this tap out and make
it gone so on it's a month of like it's
going to be a month for me to just get
them out but the wee bit i'm just going
to really be like got your
accomplishment um so and down in the
description box you guys can read that
all right if you want to go ahead you
don't really have to but go ahead and
write that look at that because that's
just my whole story at my background
story on how I know about all this and
how what happened in my life and how I
know how I'm going to stop it so I hope
you guys go ahead and follow me on that
oh by OPI Street fitter and why I shrink
the nurse Sally Hansen strengthener I
can't think one yet but I'm i hope you
guys go follow me for that I'll because
following he's off today is not day 1
t's just the you know getting started at
are gonna be at the top up here it
probably said nail-biting getting
started stop nail-biting getting started
sorry that's probably what's going to
say so I hope you guys enjoyed this and
I'm going to go to bed now because I'm
so tired it's actually um Friday August
13 2010 so we're starting tomorrow on
Saturday August um 14 2010 I love you
guys back